# Redux Toolit:-

# Notes :-
-In RTK we divide the logic of actions and reducers and initial state of particular reducers into different files.
-In the end of the files 'Slice' suffix is added. ex-cakeSlice.js
-All the information related to the cake functionality will be kept in the cakeSlice.js file only.


## createSlice method
-RTK provides us with a createSlice method to create slices/pieces of logic
-The createSlice method in the hood creates the action creators with same names as of the actions that are provided in the reducers key in the createSlice object.
-It also uses Immer in mutating the states.
-createSlice method takes in ans object as argument
-The createSlice method effectively takes care of :-
👉 Defining action type constants
👉 Defining action object and action creators
👉 Defining switch statements/cases in reducer
👉 And handling immutable updates in the reducer

## configureStore
-works same as createStore
-here it takes an object as the argument -
the object then takes a reducer  key(required) that will contain all the reducers in an object and it will behind the scenes use combineReducers to combine all the reducers.
-We can use middleware key to use the middleware
-getDefaultMiddleware contains the default middleware and if we want to add a new reducer we can do that by concatinationg that on the getDefaultMiddleware() function
-middleware key is a function that takes getDefaultMiddleware as an argument and returns the new updated set of middleware 

## createAsyncThunk
-To make async requests we use createAsyncThunk ,it is provided by RTK.
-We don't have to take care of generating actions for fullfilled,pending or rejected requests.
-createAsyncThunk generates fullfilled,pending or rejected actions.
-We just have to write reducers for the actions generated by the ascyn functions using builder.addCase .
-The reducer is extraReducer.
-Then we export the reducer and the ascyn function.
-Then in the index.js file we dispatch the async function .
-We don't unsubscribe to listen to the changes as it's an async call
-Remember-If you'll unsubscribe you might not get the results 
